# Code-Examples
This repository is intended to demonstrate my scientific simulations via example codes. What follows is a short description of the intent of each of the example code folders provided.

'Pauli Dynamics': python-based simulation of time evolution of a many-body quantum system in 1D, the transverse field Ising model. Simulation was carried out in the Pauli string representation. The scientific library 'numpy' was used for linear algebra, while most of the analytical work was carried out using custom-made string-based logic implemented as functions at the top of each file. Data analysis was carried out using the 'matplotlib' library for data visualization in a later python file (not included here). The file 'PauliRepresentation.py' creates the matrix representation of the time evolution operator, while 'PauliTimeEvolution.py' carries out the time evolution.

'Matrix Product States Library': custom MATLAB library that I have built from scratch for the matrix product states tensor network method. Originally built for simulation purposes in 2016, the library has been heavily updated to include matrix product operator and matrix product density operator simulation methods too. Additionally, the library includes the option for custom lattices, unlike off-the-shelf libraries that require identical degrees of freedom across the lattice sites.

'Generalized Quantum Regression Theorem': MATLAB-based simulations of correlation functions in quantum systems. The folder contains the MATLAB files 'fourTimeCorrelationNoise.m' and 'calculateCorrelation.m'. The former 'fourTimeCorrelationNoise.m' generalizes the so-called quantum regression theorem to arbitrary correlation functions, including out-of-time-ordered, while the latter file 'calculateCorrelation.m' applies the generalized quantum regression theorem to a particular quantum optics problem.

'Loschmidt Echo visualization': python-based simulation of time evolution of a quantum chaotic system. Time evolution is carried out by the file 'LoschmidtEcho.py', while 'PlotLoschmidtEcho.py' visualizes the data. Two supporting functions, 'CreateFloquetOperator.py' and 'CreateSpinOperators.py', are included as separate files in support of the main time evolution file.
